Release manual testing (#289)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases/release-process.md

	- create a GitHub release and trigger documentation update on the official Kyma website
	- trigger provisioning of the cluster from the created release
	The cluster name contains the release version with a period `.` replaced by a dash `-`. For example: `gke-release-1-1-0-rc1`. Use the cluster to test the release candidate.
	> **CAUTION**: The release cluster, the IP Addresses, and the DNS records must be deleted manually.

9. Update the `RELEASE_VERSION` file to contain the next patch RC1 version on the release branch. Do it immediately after the release, otherwise, any PR to a release branch overrides the previously published Docker images.

	For example, if the `RELEASE_VERSION` file on the release branch contains `0.9.1`, change it to `0.9.2-rc1`.

10.  Validate the `yaml` and changelog files generated under [releases][3].

11. Update the release content manually with links to the instruction on how to install the latest Kyma release.  
	Currently, this means to grab the links from the previous release and update the version number in URLs. If contributors want you to change something in the instruction, they would address you directly.

> 12. Create a spreadsheet with all open issues labeled as `test-missing`. Every team assigned to an issue must cover missing test with manual verification on every release candidate. After the test is finished successfully they must mark it as completed in the spreadsheet. Every issue that is found during testing must be reported. To make the testing easier, provision a publicly available cluster with the release candidate version after performing all steps listed in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Create a spreadsheet with all open issues labeled as `test-missing`. Every team assigned to an issue must cover the outstanding test with manual verification on every release candidate. After the test is finished successfully, the responsible team must mark it as completed in the spreadsheet. Every issue identified during testing must be reported. To make the testing easier, provision a publicly available cluster with the release candidate version after you complete all steps listed in this document.
```
